Explanation/Justification for the folder structure assumed by dataset conversion scripts:

    Interactive segmentation provides strong promise for more tasks than it is currently being used for, in particular the capability to provide prompts inherently
    endows the capability to provide more informative inputs which will enable segmentation to branch out naturally to instance and panoptic segmentation tasks.

    (Here, we will commonly assume that background is a "stuff" semantic class that it is essentially ubiquituous, as not all "stuff" would be that informative,
    generally. Although there is promise for the development of new algorithms through the use of supervoxels..)

    Moreover, it is hoped that these algorithms will accelerate the annotation of new datasets, potentially to be used to train other algorithms. Clearly we have a 
    chicken and the egg scenario, because the vast majority of medical imaging segmentation datasets are semantic segmentation. Nor do we have good strategies yet for
    label fusion in instance segmentation scenarios. Lastly, common situations arise in medical image annotation, such as inter and intra-rater variability. 

    It would be very relevant to tackle all of these issues, and strategies for scaling these algorithms for dataset annotation tasks.


With that being said, there is no standard convention for handling instance or panoptic segmentations, or multi-annotator datasets (some are exceptionally rare also).

For MedIO filetypes which are not inherently capable of being vector-valued (on a "voxel" basis), we will currently be using the following convention for the 
segmentations (e.g., for a nifti format):

Case/Sample
|___Annotator
     |_____Semantic class (We assume this much is consistent otherwise what is the point of this framework! Harmonising semantic classes is a different problem entirely 
                           and will be left to the Vision-Language modellers of the world)
         |_______ Instance ID 

This format structure will temporarily support semantic, instance, and panoptic segmentation datasets. With just some careful handling of the json file to denote 
the stuff and things classes.

NOTE: Panoptic segmentations are recommended for evaluating instance segmentation anyways.... because otherwise we cannot sample prompts for over-segmentation, without
using heuristics in dataloading.


This convention, though temporary, should be fairly flexible and readable. For the image data itself, we will presume an nnU-net inspired convention:

Case/Sample
|____Channel (Channel here can refer to almost anything which has been used to stratify the dataset, e.g. multi-series/mpMRI, CT contrast-phases, etc.)
            Currently we will make the assumption that the series correspond to different "images" corresponding to a reasonable time window (so not necessarily for
            time series data), e.g. PET-CT, and that the scans will be co-registered and reformatted into a consistent "image domain". 

